Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?

     The owner of DriverPass believes he can create a better system to pass students then what is currently available.
     The client is the owner of DriverPass. He wants the system to be able to create an account, register students, select a driving package, get online training and take on the road practice.
     The owner will have access to all the accounts of students and employees.

What did you do particularly well?

     I believe I made sure the completeness and precision were done particularly well. Completeness helps to facilitate communication will all parties involved and was a priority for me.

If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?

     I would revise my non-functional requirements. It wasn`t at first obvious to me what was considered a functional or non-functional requirement. However, I believe a have a better grasp of it now.

How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?

     The first thing I made sure to do was re-read what the user said. I then tried to write them down and summarise them, gathering all requirements that I needed.
     Afterwards, I diagramed out the technical steps that I would need to take to enact these requirements.

How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?

     When designing software, I first must determine the scope of the project. I must make sure that the first itteration of the project is well defined and communicated.
     Diagrams help facilitate this. After the scope is defined, I then have to determine how to actually create the software according to object oriented principals (OOP).
     I can then design the individual steps that need to be taken in order to complete the project.
