Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.

     This project is the culmination of 8 weeks of several minor projects. These include hooking up and testing an LCD screen. 
attaching several buttons to lights and programing them to make sure they are working correctly. 
All this to create a working Thermostat that can detect the temperature in a room and several lights to indicate if the thermostat is trying to heat or cool a room or is simply turned off.
Through a Serial UART port, we can send information to and from the device to simulate data coming to a server.

What did you do particularly well?

     The part I believed I did particularly well was the actual coding since this is my main specialty. However, there were several problems that did occur.
These problems involved the device itself. I often found myself questioning whether my components actually worked at all and I had to buy new ones just to makes sure that this wasn`t the case.

Where could you improve?

     I could improve my understanding of how the tempurature sensor works. The library involved with this is rather complicated and I should take more time to understand it.

What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects and/or course work?

     Everything from this project is transferable. However, the mains skills I`ll mention is testing as a skill and understanding the relationship between the physical world and the digital.
For many years it has been a mystery to my how do you program simple devices with code. What are the specifics to this art? I now understand this concept in more detail and feel more confident in
attempting to do it myself in the future.

How did you make this project maintainable, readable, and adaptable?

     I tried to keep all my work in functions. Functions are the definition of readable, maintainable and adaptable. Also, when using naming conventions, I tried to represent what I was doing
with appropriate names and comments.
